Updated the content and the links due to mono repo changes. (#2050)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/reference/how-to-guides/pallet-design/use-loose-coupling.md

## Examples

> - [`EnsureOrigin`](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/frame_support/traits/trait.EnsureOrigin.html) trait in the [Democracy pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/master/substrate/frame/democracy/src/lib.rs#L294-L352)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`EnsureOrigin`](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/frame_support/traits/trait.EnsureOrigin.html) trait in the [Democracy pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/master/substrate/frame/democracy/src/lib.rs#L298-L335)
```

- [Weighting methods](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/master/substrate/frame/identity/src/weights.rs#L46-L64) in the [Identity pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/master/substrate/frame/identity/src/lib.rs#L149-L151).  

> -[`KeyOwnerProofSystem`](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/frame_support/traits/trait.KeyOwnerProofSystem.html) in [Grandpa pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/master/substrate/frame/grandpa/src/lib.rs#L106).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-[`KeyOwnerProofSystem`](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/frame_support/traits/trait.KeyOwnerProofSystem.html) in [Grandpa pallet](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/master/substrate/frame/grandpa/src/lib.rs#L111-L122).
```
